

Esercizio 1

	1.	Halle offered me a sandwich.
	2.	Chloe denied stealing Leo’s pen.
	3.	Marcus explained why he couldn’t come.
	4.	Amber admitted not knowing the answer.
	5.	The teacher advised the students to go to bed early before the exam.
	6.	Luke persuaded Sandy to wait for him.

Esercizio 2

	1.	Lara suggested asking Freya too.
	2.	Olivia reminded Lara not to forget to call Freya on the landline.
	3.	Lara promised to phone Freya later.
	4.	Olivia agreed that 4:30 was fine.
	5.	Olivia offered to check Lara’s experiment results.
	6.	Lara refused to show her results because they weren’t ready.


esercizio 5:

	1.	warned – I warned you that it would rain, but you didn’t want to carry an umbrella!
	2.	apologise – I want you to apologise for making me wait for so long!
	3.	admitted – The man admitted stealing the food, but he said he’d done it because he was hungry.
	4.	complained – Several clients complained because the service was slow and of poor quality.
	5.	advised – When he told me about his problems, I advised him to see a therapist.
	6.	denied – When the manager accused the woman of stealing, she denied it strongly.
	7.	suggested – We didn’t have time to cook, so Jack suggested going out for a pizza.
	8.	explained – The tour guide explained to us that the church had been built in 1426.
	9.	offered – I couldn’t open the door with my broken arm, but someone offered to help me.
	10.	agree – Our opinions are so different that we can never agree on anything!



ESERCIZIO 6


Hi Love,

Be proud of our teammates at those problems I was having with her first. The next day, she and I planned to go to that new music festival in West End, and she suggested I bring her friend Alspair. But only Alspair came. We listened to a few bands, and she said:

She told me she said Bob was working with Josh from Beverine. You? Lil was really angry, but she mentioned to me that she did not like the Junking good friends, and retired. They'd started to see another guy!

About me? I would like to know much. But she also admitted I will cool and let the good news around about the situation. So I signed about us yet. Be yesterday, I decided that I'd had nothing, so I'm leaving Alspair, but I'm afraid she'll make something for me with help.